five children's riddles that are too
hard for 95% of adults you know for some
reason adults think that they are
smarter than children
however some tests are not about being
smart but about the way people look at
the world with age our minds become less
flexible otherwise how can we explain
that we can't solve tasks that children
crack easily we decided to stretch your
brain a little and see if you can come
up with five children's puzzles did you
manage to keep your brain as young as a
child you'll have 20 seconds for each
task pause the video if you need more
time to think all right counting down
from number five chess players okay put
your thinking caps on now two people are
playing chess they played five games but
according to the results each player
scored three wins how could this happen
[Music]
are you ready to find out the answer
well this one was pretty easy this could
happen only under one condition they did
not play against each other alright
number four a box of chocolates
life is like a box of chocolates no wait
that's a different story
here we go this one is from an American
12-year old student math worksheet there
are 50 chocolate candies in the box 30
of them come with a caramel filling 25
with coconut ten of them are two
flavored candies with caramel and
coconut and the rest of them are just
chocolate candies with no filling
so which diagram reflects the box of
chocolates correctly the answer is
diagram B it's just some simple math how
many caramel candies are there in the
box 30 minus 10 equals 20 and how many
coconut candies are there 25 minus 10
equals 15 now you can find out how many
plain chocolate candies were in the box
50 minus 20 plus 15 plus 10 equals 5
[Music]
okay number three task of intelligence
okay just one more math task here we go
a bottle of water and a bar of chocolate
cost $11 chocolate costs $10 more than
water
how much does water cost you're tapping
your pencil there aren't you yeah time's
up
if you don't understand why we gave you
20 seconds for this task when the answer
is obvious think again
here's another equation let the bottle
of water cost X dollars then X plus X
plus 10 equals 11 2 x equals 1 X 10
equals 0.5 so one bottle of water costs
50 Cent's and the chocolate is $10.50
number 2 a missing letter all right
your task is to figure out what letter
in this row is missing
and go this is a row of letters that
list the first letters of the days of
the week from Monday to Sunday so the
missing letter is T many people think
there is some kind of pattern but the
last two letters are the same so it
confuses everyone liked this video if
you agree yeah as it confuses me all
righty
and number one holey t-shirt no this is
not a religious question how many holes
does this t-shirt half
[Music]
the right answer is eight two holes for
the sleeve one for the neck and one more
for the body and four new holes the
thing is we can see the background
through the holes which mean there are
two more in the back how many puzzles
did you manage to solve it's believed
that only 17% of people can answer the
last question correctly and only 5% of
people can solve all these riddles tell
us in the comment section if you are
among these lucky guys send this video
to your friends to compare your results
with theirs and give us a thumbs up see
you next time on the bright side of life